[Buildpacks] Support env variables (#3189)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/pipeline-stages/builders/buildpacks.md

{{< schema root="BuildpackArtifact" >}}

**Builder**

`builder` is *required* and tells Skaffold which
[Builder](https://buildpacks.io/docs/app-developer-guide/build-an-app/) to use.

**User defined environment variables**

> `env` makes it possible to pass arbitrary environment variables to the buildpacks.

Reviewer: _pass_ makes it sounds like we expose variables in the user's current environment. This is more constrained, right?
```suggestion
`env` makes it possible to configure specific environment variables for buildpacks.
Many buildpacks use environment variables to adjust their detection and the build phases,
such as selecting specific versions of language runtimes.
Note that user's current environment is not passed through to buildpacks.
```

Author: I'll fo that

This is in general used to adjust the detection and the build phases. For eg., most

> builders let you change runtime versions with environment variables.

Reviewer: I think it’s buildpacks, not builders, that use the variables to restrict runtimes versions.

Wdyt: _Many buildpacks use environment variables to select specific versions of language runtimes._

Author: Thanks. I'll take your text

**Example**

> The following `build` section, instructs Skaffold to build a

Reviewer: Could you also add an example of `env` — maybe with a go-template? — to the `samples/builders/buildpacks.yaml`?  (Is it possible to expose a value from the user's environment with this mechanism? `USER={{.USER}}`?)

(I likely don't know what I'm talking about here: I know only enough go templating to process `docker images —format`.)

Author: That's a good idea to add such value to the sample. But I don't see any value that would really be useful. Any idea?

Author: Sorry, with regards to nested templates, I still don't understand what your point is.

Reviewer: `NPM_CONFIG_LOGLEVEL`?

Author: Add GOPROXY

    - vendor/**
```

### File Sync

> Syncable files must be included in both the `paths` section of `dependencies`, so that the skaffold file watcher knows to watch them, and the `sync` section, so that skaffold knows how to sync them.

Author: It really depends on the buildpack. Not a lot we can do to help I guess.

> Syncable files must be included in both the `paths` section of `dependencies`, so that the skaffold file watcher knows to watch them, and the `sync` section, so that skaffold knows how to sync them.

Reviewer: Buildpacks might be a good candidate for the "smart sync".  Maybe we could have our buildpack record sync info in the buildpack metadata.
